Remove HTTP pipelining code (#8428)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Breaking Changes
================

> - Removed the HTTP pipelining functionality. None of our official HTTP clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the HTTP pipelining functionality. We are not aware of any client 
  using this functionallity
```
